Adapt Manifolds to new Decorator type (#388)
JuliaManifolds/Manifolds.jl: docs/src/interface.md

2. implement `f(DM::OurDecoratorManifold, arg1, arg2)`

This makes it possible to extend a manifold or all manifolds with a feature or replace a feature of the original manifold.

The [`MetricManifold`](@ref) is the best example of the second case, since the default metric indicates for which metric the manifold was originally implemented, such that those functions are just passed through.
This can best be seen in the [`SymmetricPositiveDefinite`](@ref) manifold with its [`LinearAffineMetric`](@ref).

> A final techical note – if several manifold have similar transparency rules concerning functions from the interface, the last parameter `T` of the [`AbstractDecoratorManifold`](@ref)`{𝔽,T<:`[`AbstractDecoratorType`](@ref)`}`. Can be used to dispatch on different transparency schemes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A final technical note – if several manifolds have similar transparency rules concerning functions from the interface, the last parameter `T` of the [`AbstractDecoratorManifold`](@ref)`{𝔽,T<:`[`AbstractDecoratorType`](@ref)`}` can be used to dispatch on different transparency schemes.
```
This is a bit unclear. Do you want to emphasize here that a single manifold type can have several different transparency rules or that several different manifolds can share the same transparency rules?

## ValidationManifold

> [`ValidationManifold`](@ref) is a simple decorator using the [`AbstractDecoratorManifold`](@ref) that “decorates” a manifold with tests that all involved arrays are correct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`ValidationManifold`](@ref) is a simple decorator using the [`AbstractDecoratorManifold`](@ref) that “decorates” a manifold with tests that all involved points and vectors are valid for the wrapped manifold.
```
It also works when points are represented by more complicated things than an array.

We introduce the embedded manifolds hence as an [`AbstractDecoratorManifold`](@ref).

This decorator enables to use such an embedding in an transparent way.
Different types of embeddings can be distinguished using the [`AbstractEmbeddingType`](@ref),

> which is am [`AbstractDecoratorType`](@ref).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which is an [`AbstractDecoratorType`](@ref).
```
